Federal Bureau of Investigation
(FBI)Anti-Terrorist And Monitory Crime Division.
Federal Bureau Of Investigation.
J.Edgar.Hoover Building Washington Dc
Customers Service Hours / Monday To Saturday
Office Hours Monday To Saturday:
Dear Beneficiary,
 
We hope this notification arrives meeting your good health
and mind.Series of meetings have been held over the past 7
months with the secretary general of the United Nations
Organization. This ended 3 days ago.
 
This meeting was scheduled and arranged by the former acting Director of
the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
 
It is obvious that you have not received your fund which is to the tune of $10.3M)
million due to past corrupt Governmental Officials who
almost held the fund to themselves for their selfish reason
and some individuals who have taken advantage of your fund
all in an attempt to swindle your fund which has led to so
many losses from your end and unnecessary delay in the
receipt of your fund.for more information do get back to
us.
 
The National Central Bureau of Interpol enhanced by the
United Nations and Federal Bureau of Investigation have
successfully passed a mandate to the government of the
states the exercise of clearing all foreign debts owed to
you and other individuals and organizations who have been
found not to have receive their Contract Sum, Lottery/,
Inheritance.
 
we are happy to inform you that based on our recommendation
your outstanding contract inheritance funds of over-due
payment in tone of USD $10.3M) has been credited in your
favor in SunTrust Bank. Having said all this, we will further
advise that you go ahead in dealing with the SunTrust Bank, AL
accordingly as we will be monitoring all their activities
with you as well as your correspondence at all levels.
NOTE: There are numerous scam emails on the internet,
imposters impersonating names and images. We therefore warn
our dear citizens to be very careful with any claim email
you receive prior to these irregularities so that they do
not fall victim to this ugly circumstance anymore.
 
And should in case you are already dealing with anybody or
office claiming that you have a payment with them, you are
to STOP further contact with them immediately in your best
interest and contact the real bank (SunTrust Bank ) only where
your fund is laying, with the below information:
 
 
Bank Name: SunTrust Bank
Address: 402 Cox Creek Pkwy, Florence, AL 35630, USA
Attn:Lambert CressWell
(Remittance Director)
E-mail: lambertcaan@aol.com
Department Code:63804
website:www.suntrust.com
 
Contact the bank today and furnish them with this
information below for processing of your payment/funds
accordingly.
 
FULL NAME:
CURRENT ADDRESS:
CITY:
STATE:
ZIP CODE:
DIRECT CONTACT NUMBER:
NOTE: In your best interest, any message that does not come
from the above email address should be Nullify and avoided
immediately for security reasons. Meanwhile, we will advise
that you contact the SunTrust Bankk office in Alabama immediately
with the above email address and request that they attend to
your payment file as directed so as to enable you receive
your payment/fund accordingly.
 
Ensure you follow all directives from SunTrust Bank as this will
further help hasten up the whole payment process in regards
to the transfer of your fund to you as designated. Also have
in mind that the SunTrust Bank equally has their own protocol of
operation as stipulated on their banking terms.
 
All modalities has already been worked out before you were
contacted and note that we will be monitoring all your
dealings with them as you proceed so you don't have anything
to worry about. All we require from you henceforth is an
update so as to enable us be on track with you and the
SunTrust Bank .
 
Without wasting much time, we will want you to
contact them immediately with the above email address and
phone number so as to enable them attend to your case
accordingly without any further delay as time is already
running out.
 
 
Should in case you need any more information in regards to
this notification, feel free to get back to us via email so
that we can brief you more as we are here to guide you
during and after this project has been completely perfected
and you have received your payment/fund as stated.
Thank you very much for your anticipated co-operation.
 
BEST REGARDS
 
Christopher A. Wray
Director Federal Bureau on Investigation
J. Edgar Hoover Building
601,4th Street,
935 Pennsylvania Avenue,
NW Washington, D.C.
20535-0001, USA